Listen I know I've been asking you a lot of things lately and you've really stepped up to the plate
and have helped us out tremendously here at Kaikohe Corp. and I have one last thing that I want to ask
and pretty please can you help us out.
You see our team is growing and I've realized that we've never implemented continuous integration or
even continuous delivery into our process.
And because we're hiring more and more developers it's getting a little bit harder.
Our codebase is not consistent because we have all these developers adding in their own piece of code
and I think we really really need this process.
It's something that we probably should have set up when we first started the company but we just a have
time so can you help us out and perhaps fix some things for us and add continuous integration.
It would really really mean a lot.
Yeah.
Cool.
Thanks.
Really appreciate it.
By the way you have really good posture must be doing yoga or something.
All right.
Here we go.
Our last task for Kaikohe Corp. That is to implement continuous integration into their process.
What does that mean.
How do we do it.
We're going to cover that in this section and we're going to finish things off and complete our overall
picture of a modern developer so that we have all the pieces in place for us to succeed in our career.
Let's get started.